[Doc] Add ports configuration & Move dashboard to the original place (#10281)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/configure.rst

              ├── plasma_store
              └── raylet  # this could be deleted by Ray's shutdown cleanup.

Ports configurations
--------------------
Ray requires bi-directional communication among its nodes in a cluster. Each of node is supposed to open specific ports to receive incoming network requests.

> 

Author: Please lmk if I am missing something here.

.. code-block:: shell

  # Head Node
  --port # Port of GCS (Redis).
  --node-manager-port # Raylet port for node manager.
  --object-manager-port # Raylet port for object manager.

>   --gcs-server-port # GCS Server port. GCS server is a stateless service that is in charge of communicating to GCS.

Reviewer: Can you make the head node and worker node sections their own blocks and then use plaintext formatting as richard suggested?

  # All ports between this two number should be open.
  --min-worker-port # Minimum port number worker can be bound to.
  --max-worker-port # Maximum port number worker can be bound to.

  # Worker Node
  --node-manager-port # Raylet port for node manager.
  --object-manager-port # Raylet port for object manager.
  --min-worker-port # Minimum port number worker can be bound to.

>   --max-worker-port # Maximum port number worker can be bound to.

Reviewer 2: Let's do this in plain text.

 - `--port`: Port of the GCS (Redis).

Author: Btw, what do you mean by `--port` here? Are you telling me to add it to worker node section? (I think --port doesn't have to be open for worker nodes).

Author: Ah, I understood. Please ignore the msg.

              ├── plasma_store
              └── raylet  # this could be deleted by Ray's shutdown cleanup.

Ports configurations
--------------------
Ray requires bi-directional communication among its nodes in a cluster. Each of node is supposed to open specific ports to receive incoming network requests.

Head Node
~~~~~~~~~

> - ``--port``: Port of GCS (Redis).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``--port``: Port of GCS.
```

- ``--node-manager-port``: Raylet port for node manager.
- ``--object-manager-port``: Raylet port for object manager.

> - ``--gcs-server-port``: GCS Server port. GCS server is a stateless service that is in charge of communicating to GCS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``--gcs-server-port``: GCS Server port. GCS server is a stateless service that is in charge of communicating with the GCS.
```

> All ports between this two number should be open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following options specify the range of ports used by worker processes across machines. All ports in the range should be open.
```

- ``--min-worker-port``: Minimum port number worker can be bound to.
- ``--max-worker-port``: Maximum port number worker can be bound to.

Worker Node
~~~~~~~~~~~
- ``--node-manager-port``: Raylet port for node manager.
- ``--object-manager-port``: Raylet port for object manager.

> All ports between this two number should be open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following options specify the range of ports used by worker processes across machines. All ports in the range should be open.
```
